Documentation for reportengine (#1804)
NNPDF/nnpdf: doc/sphinx/source/tutorials/reportengine_parallel.md

----------------------------------------------------------

Suppose we have the following runcard

```yaml
meta:
  title: PDF plot example
  author: Rosalyn Pearson
  keywords: [parallel, example]

pdfs:
  - {id: "NNPDF40_nlo_as_01180", label: "4.0 NLO"}
  - {id: "NNPDF40_nnlo_lowprecision", label: "4.0 NNLO low precision"}
  - {id: "NNPDF40_nnlo_as_01180", label: "4.0 NNLO"}

pdfs_noband: ["NNPDF40_nnlo_as_01180"] # Equivalently [3]

show_mc_errors: True

Q: 10 

PDFnormalize:
  - normtitle: Absolute  # normalize_to default is None
  - normalize_to: 1      # Specify index in list of PDFs or name of PDF
    normtitle: Ratio

Basespecs:
  - basis: flavour
    basistitle: Flavour basis
  - basis: evolution
    basistitle: Evolution basis

PDFscalespecs:
  - xscale: log
    xscaletitle: Log
  - xscale: linear
    xscaletitle: Linear

template_text: |
  {@with PDFscalespecs@}
  {@xscaletitle@} scale
  =====================
  {@with Basespecs@}
  {@basistitle@}
  -------------
  {@with PDFnormalize@}
  {@normtitle@}
  {@plot_pdfs@}
  {@plot_pdf_uncertainties@}
  {@plot_pdfreplicas@}          
  {@endwith@}
  {@endwith@}
  {@endwith@}

actions_:
  - report(main=True)

```

> As an example we can run the above job by assigning 5 workers to the dask scheduler each of which has access to 5 GiB of memory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example we can run the above job by assigning 5 workers to the dask scheduler each of which has access to 5 GiB of memory for a total of 25 GiB:
```

```$ dask-worker tcp://172.24.142.17:8786 --nworkers 5 --nthreads 1 --memory-limit "5 GiB"```

We then run the task as

`$ validphys plot_pdfs.yaml --parallel --scheduler tcp://172.24.142.17:8786`

> The time needed for this task (on my machine) is 

Reviewer: Is the machine the same as below. If not, add at least a line saying what kind of machine it is (i.e.,

```suggestion
The time needed for this task (on a machine with 8 cores and 32 GiB of RAM) is 
```

(no more than that is needed, just give some context to the numbers)

Author: Hi @scarlehoff , thanks for the comments
